
Categorize each of the following research questions as "good" or "bad", and provide alternative formulations for the bad ones. Save your responses in a document of some kind, submit a link below, and discuss your reasoning with your mentor.

What is the 1994 rate of juvenile delinquency in the U.S.? Good - quick look should find it - not a stats question

What can we do to reduce juvenile delinquency in the U.S.? Bad - too vague. What five methods have the most likelihood of reducing juvenile delinquency in the U.S. 

Does education play a role in reducing juvenile delinquents' return to crime?
Subjective:  Instead “What type of education plays a role in reducing juvenile delinquents’ return to crime? Add a sub question: Pre-K, elementary, middle, high-school, college, trade school.

How many customers does AT&T currently serve in Washington, DC? Good - simple and concise. 

What factors lead consumers to choose AT&T over other service providers? Subjective. What are the top five factors that drive consumers to choose AT&T mobile service over Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint and Project Fi?

How can AT&T attract more customers? Bad - Needs an outcome and  Revise to: Top five 2019 marketing methods can AT&T use to drive sales of $xxx in mobile device revenue in the first quarter of 2019.

Why did the Challenger Shuttle explode? Bad - Revise to: What factors caused the Challenger Shuttle to explode? Mechanical, human, chemical, atmospheric ? Other...?

Which genes are associated with increased risk of breast cancer? 

Which genes are associated with increased risk of breast cancer in men and women? Are there differences in different parts of the world or by demographics?

Is it better to read to children at night or in the morning? What time is best to read to children during the different stages of their development- infants, pre-K, elementary school, middle school?

How does Google’s search algorithm work? Well……,it depends. - How does Google intend for their search algorithm to work? What {social, demographic, global...bazillion more} factors influence Google's search algorithm?


